where our data is. and stitch it all together.
understand what a customer journey
exact same technology stack. improve the experience - 

bigger picture.
understanding experience at particular point of time

fork down a path, really good experience

chuck it post-it notes
so far removed from the actual data - 

end to end experience
data to drive our customer journey

not limited to IT ops
buy-in from stakeholders

use cases delivered, and how we went about it

end to end process mapping - shifting a problem from one stage of the process to another

rework. moment of truth. process stage.
process time. duration. throughput.

kpis. defined service levels.

road to resiliency.

Better, faster, and more actionable business insights

business transactions.

hypo
develop insight
simulate impact
model financials
implement change?

correlation of data across multiple systems is complex
identifiers for transactions, orderes, customers etc are diff between systems in a single transaction
sources - 

https://www.couchbase.com/leadership
consl

https://conf.splunk.com/conf-online.html?#/

what do you care about? and what do you do when it breaks?
deviation - translate into somehting important

key decision makers + domain experts + splunk ninjas.

analyze data over time + get to know your data
use timewrap or streamstats method to baseline + identify poutliers
validatae, alrm and iterate

alert fatigue

When you view the world as a series of outputs you form opinions. But when you view the world as a series of mechanisms you form strategies.

I like to take bad code, mix it with good code, turn it in to AAA rated technical debt, then sell insurance on the debt

Technical Debt is not a catch-all term for bad code.

It is deliberate borrowing against future productivity. You must know when you're doing it and why.

Bad code that bites you long after you've written it can't be retrospectively labelled Technical Debt. It's just bad code.

https://emilyfairfaxscience.com/

https://blog.atomist.com/new-names-for-delivery/

his integrated vision to define what the modern agency model looks like and to drive innovation at scale on behalf of 360i’s client partners
approach every challenge holistically

having fun is doing hard things well

https://backendbenchmarking.com/


Bringing it together will require technological innovation - but also the right financial infra, business model and trust leap

Assets under management (AUM)
Active Users of Channel.

cost, frictionless ux, competitive ROI

insights, actionable advice

centralized view of customer's financial life - snapshot would enable firms to offer financial that were even more targeted, more optimized for individual user

transactional + cxp

given your goals + spending habits

hub of their financial life = command center where products are evaluated and decisions made.

recommendation engine.

hub of your financial life - command center where products are evaluated and decisions made

require the right plumbling

users to instantly and securely link 

prompt human intervention

necessary tech is available, pulling pieces together whole remains for the moment, elusive

offer products, promotions and services even more targeted, more optimized

Help drive and deliver on our product roadmap (frontapp.com/roadmap), turning 1-pager specs into features
Obsess about the quality of the product and the work you produce.
Lead or contribute to the next features of Front-Chat, our most recent product
Architect and lead development of the next version of our analytics product
Mentorship (20% of your time)

Product mindset, we’re a product company 
Strong track record of launching and delivering projects of significant complexity and high level of ambiguity
Fluency in a dynamic language like Javascript, Python, Ruby, or similar
Track record of designing and implementing complex and scalable software services 
Experience with performance benchmarking and diagnostic tools
Understand the trade-offs in employing different engineering solutions to a problem, valuing pragmatism over idealism
Ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced, collaborative, and high-growth environment

Partner cross-functionally with Engineering, Design, Sales & Marketing to plan, build and launch product features
Own the future roadmap for your products and manage the roadmap against KPIs / product goals
Rally teams to work together towards a common goal; oversee many moving parts to ensure deliverables are met on time
Write specs, manage project execution, A/B test, UI/UX wireframe, and define product roll-out strategy
Discover and present new product insights by analyzing qualitative and quantitative customer data
Conduct user research & user testing to collect new customer insights
Understand Front’s competitive position in the market; execute on our strategic plan to become the primary client that companies use to manage all of their external communication

Strong design sense
Empathetic; you understand what users need and issues that your teammates face
Execution-oriented; you’re highly organized; you’re comfortable managing many work streams; you know how to make the right trade-offs; you ensure that teams ship on time
Data-driven; you understand how to use data to guide product decisions
Collaborative; you work well with all kinds of personalities; you work well with teams across multiple geographies
Excellent written and oral communication skills

From the beginning, we knew Blend shared our vision for a simpler more transparent consumer lending ecosystem. By partnering with them on multiple products, including deposit account opening, we are providing a consistent and streamlined experience for our members across the board and taking friction out of the process.

